hello everybody and welcome to the
scouting report on Dan hi here with Matt
Doyle and today we're previewing the
2014 regular season for Toronto FC Matt
the most talked-about team in mls during
the off-season of course that due to the
signings of jermain defoe Gilberto
giulio says our some other American guy
in the news game like Michael Bradley
that's the one now that's a lot of
talent they added is it going to gel on
the field I think it actually will gel
pretty quickly for this team because
there aren't going to be a lot of
changes in terms of formation and style
the changes are going to come from
having super is superior personnel and
it does come down to Bradley his ability
to get the team out of tough spots in
into advantageous positions quickly as
he does for the u.s. national team to
keep it simple to put guys into good
positions I think that will be the key
for them I think it'll be pretty
standard for 42 and I think it'll work
right away now they filled some holes
this offseason obviously they got some
seriously talented players but are there
any holes still left over maybe
defensive depth perhaps I think really
all around depth as I look at this
roster the only position where they go
to solid players deep is left back of
all spots with Justin Morrow and Ashton
Morgan a lot more questions otherwise
they took a big blow already in this
preseason when bright DK went down with
yet another ligament area Achilles this
time his second time in three years he
was their ace in the hole on the forward
line it really a different look from
guys like Defoe in jail Berto and maybe
Dwayne De Rosario if he plays up there
as well I do think this is a team that
has a lot of talent in their first 13 14
players but beyond that it really
becomes questionable and you win with 22
or 23 and MLS and I think that is a big
gap right now that TFC has to figure out
how to manage okay so maybe they're not
the supporters shield challengers that
some people expect in your mind but Tim
language II did guarantee playoffs are
you willing to guarantee them along with
them I'll take that Garrett I'm not
gonna give my own guarantee but i will
take Tim ly wiki's guarantee on good
faith like this
be a playoff team as long as Bradley
stays healthy as long as Dafoe stays
healthy as long as Steven Caldwell on
the back line who's a much more
important player than most fans real
life stay healthy this is a team that
will go out there and get 50 55 points
which will be enough in the east all
right well it's going to be a tough one
to start off with on March fifteenth
they're skipping week one they're
jumping in and week two at Seattle this
one kicks off at four thirty p.m.
eastern time in the States you can watch
it on NBCSN and candidates on TSN and
RDS to